>> Scott Moss: So just looking at
the example that I have pulled up from
the docks,
just kind of go over it one more time.
So use mutation can take an optional
second argument which is an object, and
on an object you can provide
a method called update,
which is going to be called,
after the mutation is processed and
gives you complete control over,
the cache in order to
update the cache with whatever you want
based off of the mutation results.
So the update function
receives two arguments.
One is gonna be the cache that
Apollo is using internally.
And then you're gonna receive
the exact response that the mutation
that you're using is gonna
return from the server.
So nothing more, so this is
literally what your server returned.
An object with .data and whatever the name
of your mutation was if you didn't
put an a list or anything like that,
that's what it's gonna be.
And then the strategy is to
find any query that needs to know about
the update that you just performed.
So in our case we have a query that's
displaying a list of pets, and
we just created a pet.
So that query would need to know
about that new pet, so therefore,
it can update the cache,
which will cause a rerender, and
therefore, our pets should
show up on the page.
So that's what the strategy is, and
you can just use the cache to read
any query that you want based off
the query that you've got a reference to.
And then you can write back to that
query And set the new data yourself.
So data again, this is the same thing
the server would send out on a query.
Your server would send down
object with the data property,
followed by the name of the query,
followed by the value of that.
And that's exactly what you're doing.
It's no more and nothing less than that.
It's exactly what Apollo does internally,
you're just doing it manually.
Following so far?
So let's just do that.
So usurpation we have new pet.
First thing were gonna do is
we're gonna get the cash here and
then we're gonna get the response
back from the server.
I'm just gonna restructure this.
There's a data property on it.
And the only thing I'm interested
in is this app that's right here.
This is the name of my mutations,
probably the name of yours too,
because we had the same server.
We're gonna alias this to something else.
Or if it was just called something else,
that's what would be here, it'd be
something, else something, else like that,
but we're not, we're not releasing it.
So I'm just going to get the app pet.
Like that, the next thing I need to do is
figure out what queries I want to update.
In this case I only have one query and
I would update this one,
the all pets query, so
I'm gonna read the cache for that.
So I'm gonna say, all pets
equals cache.readQuery and
records gonna take an object
here with a query property.
And I'm going to pass
in all pets query here.
So now I got all pets.
And then the next thing I want
is I want to update this query.
So I'm wanna write to that I wanna
completely override what is there, but
what I want to add.
So I can just say cache.writeQuery and
I can say, pass in this object here.
And the first one is well,
let's say query first.
And we'll say allpets.
So I want to update the allpets query
to now have a data property like this.
And then, I have to use the exact
same query name that's up here, so
in this case pets.
Insert there.
Update pets to now be a completely
new array with the allpets
that's inside of it, and the new
one that I created which is addpet.
So I'll just have addpet show up first and
then allpets will be here, allpets.
You can use concat.
You can do whatever you want.
There's a lot of ways you can do it.
Just don't mutate the original.
Everybody following me so far?
I'm pretty sure this comes back as,
>> Speaker 2: You have to destructure
of allpets.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, I did have
to destructure this you right so
I'll just say allpets.
not think that already is data.
So let me let me just get this data and
I'll say data.pets
>> Scott Moss: There we go.
>> Scott Moss: Cool, so now if we
run our app, get rid of this thing,
refresh, we got five animals here.
Make a new one, a dog.
Goose, boom,
it popped up without me having to refresh.
And it went to the beginning when because
I added it to the beginning of the array.